docs/lemlib.md, before:

# LemLib

Welcome to LemLib! This open-source PROS template aims to introduce common algorithms like Pure Pursuit and Odometry for new and experienced teams alike.

Currently, LemLib officially supports tank drive and differential drive chassis only. Proper support for holonomic and mecanum drives have not yet been implemented, but some users have reported success with them. Implementation is planned for v0.5.0.

The creation of this template was inspired by [EZ-Template](https://github.com/EZ-Robotics/EZ-Template) and [OkapiLib](https://github.com/OkapiLib/OkapiLib). We aim to develop a library that strikes a balance between ease-of-use, akin to that of EZ-Template, and comprehensive functionality, similar to that of OkapiLib.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. Check [LICENSE](https://github.com/LemLib/LemLib/blob/master/LICENSE) for more details.

## Features
- Generic PID class
- Odometry
- Angular and Lateral motion PIDs
- Pure Pursuit
- [Path Generator](https://github.com/LemLib/Path-Gen) support

## Tutorials
The tutorials provide a detailed walkthrough through all the features of LemLib. It covers everything from installation to pure pursuit.
 - 1: [Getting Started](https://lemlib.github.io/LemLib/html/md_docs_tutorials_1_getting_started.html)
 - 2: [Setting up the Chassis](https://lemlib.github.io/LemLib/html/md_docs_tutorials_2_setting_up_the_chassis.html)
 - 3: [Tuning and Moving](https://lemlib.github.io/LemLib/html/md_docs_tutorials_3_tuning_and_moving.html)
 - 4: [Pure Pursuit](https://lemlib.github.io/LemLib/html/md_docs_tutorials_4_pure_pursuit.html)

## Documentation
You can check out the Doxygen documentation [here](https://lemlib.github.io/LemLib/html/index.html)

## Contact Us
Questions? Comments? Concerns? Feel free to [open an Issue](https://github.com/LemLib/LemLib/issues/new)

Commit message:

[Feature] Community Features (#29)
* Create CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

* Added CONTRIBUTING.md

This file will help new contributors, and serve as a reference for existing contributors as well. It contains detailed instructions.

* Reformat README.md

Added sections for contributing and code of conduct

* Move CONTRIBUTING and CODE_OF_CONDUCT

Moved CONTRIBUTING.md and CODE_OF_CONDUCT to .github folder

* update lemlib.md to reflect README.md

* Update labels in CONTRIBUTING.md

replaced `needs-fix` tag with `confirmed-bug`. replaced `critical` tag with `p: critical`

* Added issue, feature request, pr templates

Will make contributing easier for newcomers

docs/lemlib.md, after:

# LemLib

Welcome to LemLib! This open-source PROS template aims to introduce common algorithms like Pure Pursuit and Odometry for new and experienced teams alike.

Currently, LemLib officially supports tank drive and differential drive chassis only. Proper support for holonomic and mecanum drives have not yet been implemented, but some users have reported success with them. Implementation is planned for v0.5.0.

The creation of this template was inspired by [EZ-Template](https://github.com/EZ-Robotics/EZ-Template) and [OkapiLib](https://github.com/OkapiLib/OkapiLib). We aim to develop a library that strikes a balance between ease-of-use, akin to that of EZ-Template, and comprehensive functionality, similar to that of OkapiLib.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. Check [LICENSE](https://github.com/LemLib/LemLib/blob/master/LICENSE) for more details.

## Features
- Generic PID class
- Odometry
- Angular and Lateral motion PIDs
- Pure Pursuit
- [Path Generator](https://github.com/LemLib/Path-Gen) support

## Tutorials
The tutorials provide a detailed walkthrough through all the features of LemLib. It covers everything from installation to pure pursuit.
 - 1: [Getting Started](https://lemlib.github.io/LemLib/html/md_docs_tutorials_1_getting_started.html)
 - 2: [Setting up the Chassis](https://lemlib.github.io/LemLib/html/md_docs_tutorials_2_setting_up_the_chassis.html)
 - 3: [Tuning and Moving](https://lemlib.github.io/LemLib/html/md_docs_tutorials_3_tuning_and_moving.html)
 - 4: [Pure Pursuit](https://lemlib.github.io/LemLib/html/md_docs_tutorials_4_pure_pursuit.html)

## Documentation
Check out the Doxygen documentation [here](https://lemlib.github.io/LemLib/html/index.html)

## Contributing
Want to contribute? Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/LemLib/LemLib/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Code of Conduct
See the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/LemLib/LemLib/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) on how to behave like an adult.
